Mic test!
Check! One, two! Check one, two, three!
Wow! You actually fixed it.
This is how I treat my patients.
Music changes a lot of things.
Can I choose a song?
Sure.
If I knew I'd die on foreign soil like this,
I would've just enjoyed my life a little more,
instead of competing for the professor position.
I should spend more money on having fun.
No.
Saying something like that before dying is so lame.
Shi Jin, are you on your way?
Why are you not coming?
I’m afraid I can’t wait for you coming.
But
if I die,
I guess you're the first one who'll find me.
If I'd known I'd die like this,
I would've told you how I felt about you.
A great guy kissed me.
My heart was beating like crazy.
Music really changes a lot of things.
I guess I'm at the center of that change.
I'm so embarrassed.
Oh my! What the heck!
How did you get here?
Why are you here?
I want to take advantage of this situation.
Is it okay for you to use your skills
of becoming a Special Forces soldier like this?
For personal reasons?
Because someone announced something personal on the air.
We need doctors who go on air, and I'm one of them. ?
Wow! I can't believe this!
Why did you listen to my personal record?
I didn't listen to it. I just heard it.
You should've covered your ears.
I find it is cute
when you get angry like that.
By the way, why are you running away?
You were about to confess before you died,
but now you're alive and you've changed your mind?
Confess? I didn't confess anything.
What I heard was your voice.
It wasn't me.
This phone is yours.
It's not phone…
Geez! Kang Mo Yeon! Calm down.
Stop talking! Please!
I'm so honored that I'm in your will.
You should be.
I'm not done yet.
Hey! Look!
I'm not buying it.
Stop rejecting me.
Do you know how many times you rejected me?
I'm going to get your answer now.
You can't run this time.
I won't.
I'll answer you,
so can you let go?
For real.
For real?
Flowers bloom in the midst of war.
Romance blooms even during an earthquake.
Here, people confess love, kiss each other
and live their lives so intensely.
Why don't we live more intensely?
We could kiss each other out of working time.
You're really funny.
Don't you still realize that
we should enjoy our lives while we can?
Stop talking!
Do you remember my will?
Folder Bulbul. 1030.
Delete it right away.
How could you do it to an innocent bulbul?
Does the bird know what's in it?
Poor bulbul!
Why are you worried about a bulbul?
I was right, wasn't I?
From now on, should we treat Dr. Kang as the boss's wife?
She's not his wife. They're not married.
Do it right! Don't be ridiculous!
I don't like Dr. Kang.
Why not?
She's a big shot doctor and pretty.
She's perfect.
That's why I don't like her.
Why would a rich and pretty doctor
date a soldier?
Out of charity?
She's in an exotic land.
You don't know when she's going to have a change of heart.
What if she finds out what we really do?
She may ask him to
change his job,
You know the drill.
So frustrating.
What does Sergeant Choi's wife do?
Just like Dr. Kang,
she's successful and really pretty.
Right!
What's wrong with him?
By the way, he didn't give you 20 dollars.
Unbelievable! Stop right there!
Get him!
Ms. Ha, can you make a list of
the medicine that we need
and send it to our hospital in Seoul?
Let me get this straight.
You confessed your love to Captain Yoo, right?
Considering the circumstances,
it's fair to say that Captain Yoo approached her first.
Why don't you talk behind my back
like other intelligent people do?
Let's focus, okay?
Those who are going back home tomorrow...
Is this Day One for these two?
Tomorrow is Day One.
- No. They started today, so today is Day One. - Right.
Do you really have to contribute?
Those who go home on Day One...
Why don't you all go home tomorrow? Huh?
Let me check your blood pressure.
Excuse me, Doc!
Can I have another doctor, not him?
Why?
He's the one who found you first.
I know.
He keeps reminding me of that moment,
and that makes me furious.
His hands are shaky as well.
Let me see.
Who should I recommend?
Albert Schweitzer. What about Schweitzer?
He's not fluent in Korean.
Or Jang Jun Hyeok? But he's dead.
Too bad. We don't have another doctor.
By the way, doctors aren't live TVs.
You can't just change doctors like you change TV channels.
If you want to get better, let him treat you.
Take care of him, so he can get well.
120, 80. Normal.
What are you doing?
I'm not doing anything.
You did something, right?
You look like you were avoiding people because you were embarrassed.
Why don't you keep working?
You're quite brave.
You decided to date
the leader of Alpha Team.
Lieutenant Yoon. Let me ask you something.
Go ahead,
but no need to lower your voice
This is my turf.
Doesn't what your boyfriend does bother you at all?
Aren't you worried he might get hurt or disappear?
As far as I know,
Sergeant Seo is also in a dangerous line of work
like Captain Yoo.
To be exact,
during an emergency,
they infiltrate enemy lines using various routes,
such as by land, by sea, and by air engage
in guerrilla warfare, work in espionage,
collecting information, rescuing hostages,
and destroy infrastructure
while putting their lives at risk.
But I'm more afraid of
being away from him than what he does.
I'm with him at the moment
and I'm not afraid of anything at all.
In other words, I have no fear.
That's just me.
Why so upset?
I'm just lost in thought.
Speaking of which, let me ask you one thing.
You’ve never cared about what he does?
Why are you doing this to me?
Why don't you two talk it out?
Kang Mo Yeon just asked me the same thing.
How did you answer her?
Ask her yourself.
This is not an information war, but an all-out war.
Look who's talking.
What about you?
I prefer hand-to-hand combat. en no one was around
What's this? Whom are you going to throw it at?
I’m searching for a target.
Take it if you can.
Don't do anything that you'll regret and come here.
Why? You can't take it from me?
That's why I told you to come here.
You two lovebirds look good together.
What's this about?
Am I not allowed to flirt with a guy other than you?
Are you still angry?
What do you think?
Did I ask you to do it
every time after a meal?
I asked you to do it when nobody can see us.
Why you keep running away like that?
Isn't it time for you to call roll?
Right. That thing. That thing a man and a woman do.
Not that.
Holding hands. Hugging for a few minutes.
That's all I want. Yet he won't even do that.
He never holds my hands.
He only grabs my arm or taps my shoulder.
What a fool!
He's your target. Throw the pebble at him.
Stop! I can take your rank badge of.
Why? Because you can touch my shoulder?
You're a man of principle.
What a fool!
One, two, three, four!
It's so heartwarming to see them again.
Our life seems to be back to normal.
It's nice to see the muscular men running
every day.
It's like a symbol of peace.
They're like a pigeon of peace.
Don't you have a meeting at the UN Camp?
Aren't you late for the meeting?
I can be late.
Captain Yoo! How are you?
Two, three, four.
That was too easy.
Maybe kissing isn't the only thing they did.
Ms. Choi.
Yes?
Do people really kiss each other during working hours?
What?
You scared me!
Why are you here?
How can you be here?
I've been here all along.
Did someone tease you?
This is your fault!
I'm busy. I have a meeting to go to. Excuse me.
I have to go to the same meeting.
You just found yourself a ride.
I can go by myself.
So you'll end up at a cliff edge?
If that happens, I'll call you.
Why do you keep running away?
I confessed my feelings and you ran.
You confessed your feelings in your will and ran.
It wasn't my will.
You said your heart was racing.
It wasn't me.
I'm not asking how you feel about me at the moment.
Don't feel bad that I found out how you feel about me....
Because I like you more than you like me.
By the way, you look so pretty today.
Please!
See you at the front gate in 10 minutes.
Which isn't logic that a speaker can use?
One. He can explain the relationship between 20 million Koreans abroad.
Two, to find a better country.
Are you studying for the HSGEE?
Yes, I guess I need a high school diploma.
You're a nurse and you can perform acupuncture.
Did you major in Oriental medicine as well?
I didn't go to college.
My father was an Oriental doctor, so I learned watching over his shoulders.
Are you saying that you don't have a license?
Then I don't want to do this anymore. Thank you.
If you move suddenly, your mouth will be distorted.
Okay.
By the way, where are you from?
Your accent is quite different from ours.
I'm Kareiski (ethnic Korean).
Kareiski? Kareiski?
Where is it exactly?
I think I heard it on a TV drama a long time ago.
I've never met one before.
How are you going to pass the exam?
I thought it'd be very formal and serious,
but everyone seems very nice.
They face depressing incidents
all the time.
Humor is what keeps them going.
Right.
You do the same thing.
When things are serious, you make jokes.
When things are serious, why make things more serious by saying serious things?
How do you feel about doing things that require sacrifice? time?
Are you proud?
I can't meet women.
Right.
Speaking of which,
how many exes do you have?
Why do men ask that question all the time?
Who’s the guy asking the same question?
What was that?
I'm going to check it out. Don't move and stay here.
What? What is it?
If I'm right, it's a mine.
What? A mine?
Is it really a mine? Did we drive over a mine?
Yes.
I think those landmines were swept away
during the earthquake.
You shouldn't walk around by yourself.
We're in the middle of a mine field.
What should we do now?
There's no reception on my phone.
My walkie-talkie isn't working either.
Give me your purse.
What for?
Don't we have to wait until a rescue team gets here?
Can you hold onto these?
Let's go.
We're going to get out of here.
There are mines everywhere. How?
Follow my footsteps.
I won't let you die. Don't worry.
What happens if you step on a mine?
You're done.
Unlike movies, if you step on it, it goes off.
Okay. Here.
Take bigger steps. Can you do it?
Hold my hand.
Good job.
All.
Hang in there.
You too.
Is that a mine?
Yes. It's an M16A1 anti-personnel mine.
Can you give me the flags in your purse?
Here.
The only way to beat landmines
is to take it slow.
Take it easy while appreciating my sexy back.
This is the moment
when you need silly jokes.
"Take it easy" is the joke part.
I'm serious about the other part.
Come on!
Good.
You did an excellent job.
Unbelievable!
Why do I keep risking my life every day?
I've already destroyed two cars.
I wanted to shoot a melodrama with you
but we ended up in a blockbuster.
Since you destroyed two cars,
why don't I destroy a lipstick?
Do you carry lipstick with you?
Done. Let's go.
Wait a minute.
For those who don't speak English.
I'm not complaining or anything.
I just want to get some facts straight.
Should we just keep walking like this?
For now.
It took about 40 minutes
at 60 kilograms per hour.
So it’s about 40 kilograms.
At the speed of Special Forces,
we would arrive at the camp by evening.
But with you, We'll get there tomorrow morning.
Do you want to hold hands?
No.
Even though I'm the guy
in your will?
It wasn't me.
You treat me like that again after I saved you.
What?
You're completely different before and after you face a crisis.
Actually, you're different in the morning and in the afternoon.
Me?
How am I different in the morning and afternoon?
You're really pretty in the morning and amazingly pretty in the afternoon.
Be honest with me.
You've dated a truckload of women, right?
Why do women ask something like this?
If I say yes, you get angry.
If I say no, you won't trust me.
Who got angry and who didn't trust you? Huh?
A truck!
Was the truck about that size?
Hey! Over here! Please!
I don't think the locals appreciate your beauty.
What?
Look! Here comes another car!
Do you want a car?
Should I hijack it? With this gun?
Stay out of it. Over here!
Hey! Help us! Over here!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Good idea. Let's hijack it.
I guess farmers are nice everywhere in the world.
You're different before and after you got on the truck.
Thank you for saving me again.
I felt good
because you had my back earlier.
I'll have a good life.
With another guy?
Don't have a good life oes.
with another guy.
You asked Myung Joo
if what her boyfriend does bothers her?
She a tattletale or something?
She asked me to get the answer from you.
What did Myung Joo say?
She said
she'd be more afraid to be away
from Sergeant Seo than what he actually does.
What about us?
Are we
going to be away from each other?
Is your name?
on the passenger list to Korea?
No.
No?
No. I'm not going home.
Why not?
I don't think it's me.
It is you.
I'm not going home because of you.
Because I want to be with you
a little longer.
There! I just said it.
Do you want me to apologize?
How do you expect me to react to that?
You had a long day today.
I need to start roll call.
You did a great job today.
I need to get ready for my rounds.
Ma'am!
She must feel so awkward.
He must've been really happy.
I want to clean the hay off of her.
I want to go slap him.
What?
I really want to slap you.
Here.
It's in here.
Move!
I barely found it but as you can see, the lock was broken.
I had no choice
but to bring the whole thing. So you guys should open it.
But
you're 27 hours and 15 minutes late.
Please don't kill me.
It was the earthquake.
Do you know what a battlefield and
a disaster scene have in common?
No one cares or
even notices the corpses.
Please. Please let me go. I'll do anything. Everything.
No, no.
You don't have to do everything.
Just do what I tell you. Okay?
Okay! Sure! No problem! Yes! Yes!
What do you mean there are no diamonds?
I think he fooled us. Look, I'll go and get him...
Think about it. You know what territory he's already in?
I'm really sick.
I can't even keep my head steady.
I'm in a great deal of pain.
What's going on?
He was perfectly fine until yesterday
but now he's in a great deal of pain.
I think he's going to pass away tomorrow.
Aftereffects can be dangerous as well.
This wasn't a simple car accident.
It was a huge earthquake
and I'm the victim of an assault.
Why don't you keep it down?
X-ray and motor
response test results are okay.
In the era of LTE like these days,
you'd tie a letter around a pigeon's ankle?
What can you find out with an X-ray?
I'm going to take an MRI scan
at a big hospital in Seoul.
I want a ticket on the plane taking your employees back home tomorrow.
I told you.
We have no extra seats.
Are you here to get a plane ticket?
At Medical Zone?
Are you out of your mind?
How dare you look at me like that?
Make a seat.
It's me. Jin Yeong Su.
And you!
Do you think you're better than me
because you're wearing a military uniform?
Can we talk outside in private?
Come on!
I'll take care of him.
Let go! Hey! Let go of me!
Eyes down!
Let go! I said let go!
Let go of me, you jerk!
Hey! Let go!
Did you just hit me? You jerk!
Do you want to become a patient?
Where do you want me to break?
Should I break this?
What about living as a leftie?
That could be arranged.
What about the temple here? Tell me.
I can put you in a hospital
for the rest of your life.
That’s not I mean.
I was a little frustrated and was acting rude.
I admit my mistake.
Get out of here before I hurt you.
You know where the entrance is.
You have five seconds. One, two, three...
Hold on! Hold on a minute!
I don't usually make mistakes that often. I'm sorry.
Hey, Doctor! Can you tell them that I feel sorry about what happened?
Do you want a seat on the plane?
What?
Stay in touch.
Bye.
I'll see you later. Take care.
By the way, where is Chi Hoon?
Did that jerk take his seat from him?
They need to leave now to catch the plane.
Did you find him?
No. I can't find him anywhere.
You should leave now.
Take care and call me when you get there.
Yes. I'll call you.
Take good care of yourselves.
- Have a safe trip. - Take care.
Did something happen to Dr. Lee?
Right? He's been acting weird lately.
He's been wearing the same shoes for three days.
He doesn't care about his looks.
You jerk! What are you doing here?
Where have you been hiding all day long?
I checked this place earlier..
Has everyone left?
All of them have left,
but why are you still here?
I know how you feel.
Dr. Jang has gained a lot of weight,
even for a pregnant woman.
I guess you don't find her as attractive as before.
But still, you can't do this to her.
If you want to stay away from home,
spend some time in the cities
near your home.
Don't you think Uruk, on the opposite side of the world,
is a little too far away?
Yes. It is too far.
That's why I couldn't leave.
If I run too far away,
I'm not a real doctor.
Chi Hoon, let me ask you this for the last time.
What happened between you and Kang Min Jae? What is it? I can help.
Later.
Getting help from you is like running away in a way.
I'll try to figure it out on my own.
If it doesn't work...
I'll ask you for help.
Let’s go.
May I help you?
No! No! Go!
The plane left, but he didn't show up.
I think he took off after suspecting us.
But we set some traps with the police chief.
He'll do anything to get out of this country.
I'm going to tear him to pieces when I see him next.
Prepare a rose instead of a gun
to Colonel Aman's delivery.
The red rose I chose previously.
Yes, sir!
Let's go!
Are you going for the target's head?
I'm going for her heart. The target is too pretty.
I've finished the gun inspection and found no problems.
I've checked my gun and there are no problems.
Your gun has no problems, but you seem to have one.
I don't.
I won't accept any more questions.
This is Harry Potter. Wolf, do you copy?
This is Wolf. What's the problem?
Yellow Tiger's visiting our unit tomorrow afternoon.
Who's Yellow Tiger?
You don't know?
I don't.
Yellow Tiger is Commander Yoon's call sign.
You mean my dad?
Tomorrow afternoon, the commander of the Special Warfare Command
who came from Korea will be visiting us.
Ah.
Don't sigh.
I'm not going to overreact
like those other captains
simply because a three-star general's coming.
Oh.
Like we always do,
we'll cut the grass near the drill ground.
Like we do all the time,
we'll polish the sinks until they shine using toothpaste.
Don't overdo it.
Clean the drains and reorganize Storehouse One and Three.
Like we always do.
Do you understand?
They're doing what they usually do.
Sir!
The Commander has a meeting with the UN Chief of the General Staff,
so he cancelled his visit.
Cancelled?
We're working as usual like this.
Instead, Commander Yoon asked you to come see him
with Dr. Kang, the leader of the medical team.
Sergeant Seo and Lieutenant Yoon are getting ready as well.
You don't have to worry about me.
I won't. Why would I?
How should I address Myung Joo's father?
Uncle?
Attention!
Salute the Commander!
Sir.
At ease!
Thank you for your good work.
Lieutenant Colonel Park Byung Soo!
Colonel Kim Jong Ho!
Division Commander. Before you start the briefing,
can I use your office for half an hour?
Yes, sir!
Yoo Shi Jin, Seo Dae Young, Yoon Myung Joo
and Dr. Kang. Can I see you for a minute?
Have a seat!
Thank you.
I'm okay.
Dr. Kang Mo Yeon, why didn't you become a soldier?
Pardon?
I heard about what you've done.
The operation on the president of the Arab League.
You have the courage to become a good soldier.
It’s so pity.
I'm flattered,
but I can't get up in the morning.
That's why you're so beautiful.
Anyway,
what you did ended up benefitting our nation.
I wanted to show my appreciation.
We'll see each other again.
This is what I wanted to tell you.
If you'll excuse me.
I heard that you did a good job rescuing people after the earthquake.
God job.
Did any of you get hurt?
No, sir!
Good.
From now on,
I'm going to talk to you as Myung Joo's father.
Yoo Shi Jin, you first.
Yes, sir!
Yoo Shi Jin,
are you my ally or enemy?
Pick your side.
You're not at all attracted to my daughter?
Dad.
She's one of my favorite fellow soldiers.
However, for the seven years I've known her,
I've never thought of her in that way.
That's disappointing.
Okay. You can leave.
That didn't take long.
I thought you'd be talking about something serious.
We did
and he kicked me out right away.
From the army?
No. From his radar.
As of today, he officially fired me as his future son-in-law candidate.
That means...
Yes, I'm now officially unattached.
Are you okay with a guy with a history like me?
What's going to happen to Lieutenant Yoon and Sergeant Seo from now on?
I don't know.
Sergeant Seo always ends up with a tough decision.
What?
Are you still happy to see Seo Dae Young?
Yes, sir!
Seo Dae Young,
do you feel the same way?
Ask me. Why do you bother him?
Yes, sir!
I thought we were on the same page.
I thought
you'd lose this fight for Myung Joo.
Seo Dae Young. Answer me!
My answer is...
I don't care what he said before.
I won't leave him, no matter what.
I'm going to hold this hand.
Do you think you're good enough to hold that hand?
If you send me away,
I'll go
wherever it is,
but I won't let this hand go.
Yoon Myung Joo! Leave us.
No. I'm going to stay here.
Didn't I tell you earlier?
Don’t worry.
For 30 years of serving as a soldier,
there were two things I wanted to achieve.
First, to become an honorable commander.
Second, to earn respect from my daughter.
However, I failed to get either of them.
My orders to you were all unjust
and my daughter doesn't respect me.
However,
I know what you really want.
So I'm going to tell you what I really want.
Let's cut to the chase. You can go out with Myung Joo.
Of course I'm thinking about you two getting married.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
However, I don't want a sergeant as a son-in-law.
You need to leave the army.
I want you to find a job at my family company.
I'll find a position
at one of my family businesses,
so you can start over.
Think about it until you finish your mission here
and decide before you go back to Korea.
If you're going to let her go
or become a man who's suitable for her.
What are you thinking?
About Lieutenant Yoon and you.
Myung Joo and I?
Yes. I can't get my head around it.
Why didn't you go out with Myung Joo?
She's young, went to a fine school, has a rich family, and has a nice fugure.
I can't find anything wrong with her.
Being pretty and having rich parents don't mean anything to me.
You think Myung Joo is pretty.
I never said anything about being pretty.
Are you jealous?
Come here and hold this.
Why change the subject?
If you think she's pretty, why didn't you date her?
Why do you think she's pretty?
What are you doing?
Shut you up
in way of an adult.
Keep talking.
Go away!
When is it going to be done?
It's already done.
I'll go pay.
Get him! Catch that thief!
You asshole.
Let's put this aside for now.
What's going on?
It's okay.
I think he stole the medicine since he's sick.
Let's take him to the Medical Zone.
No, we need to go to where he lives.
High fever, spots, and papules.
If I'm correct,
he's got the measles.
It's contagious.
We have to do something before it spreads.
No way! For real?
If you want to back down, now's the time.
Now or never.
Really? You're not joking, right?
Did he really say that we could date?
Yes, ma'am.
Sergeant Seo Dae Young
was ordered to date you.
This is official, ma'am!
Why? What's this? I can't believe it!
Does he have cancer?
Is he terminally ill or something?
I should call him.
I can tell if he means it or not
when I hear his voice. Bye.
Right.
This is Big Boss. We have arrived at the village.
Can you check the GPS for our current location?
This is Snoopy! This is Snoopy!
Sir.
I checked the GPS coordinates before the radio was cut off.
It’s weird.
There's no village
at those coordinates.
Really?
You know that Peacemaker doctor.
Contact him as soon as possible.
Yes, sir!
How long have they been sick?
These children. Since when were they sick?
I don't think they understand you.
This is measles. What should we do?
We have to collect everyone
and test them.
We get no food for three days if we speak to strangers.
Thank god! She can speak English.
Is it okay for you to speak to us?
It doesn't matter to me anymore.
Can you bring all the children together?
The kids here have measles
and it's a very serious viral disease.
If they don't get treated now,
70 percent will die or become disabled.
It's better to die now
than to live here.
The boys here become a gang
and the girls are sold to a pimp when they grow up.
Today is my turn.
I will cooperate
but under one condition. Get me out of here.
This place is...
What is it?
It's a ghost village.
War orphans are gathered there.
The local gang is in charge of this village.
Not for taking care of them.
They lock them up
for human trafficking.
A ghost village?
Some gangs.
trade the entire village including the orphans.
They call it a ghost village because they move a lot.
Hold on!
You need to hurry.
The landlord has just come back.
Are you their guardian?
I'm a doctor from Korea.
Some children here have measles.
Can I take them
to the field hospital?
You're too beautiful to be doing something good like this.
Stay behind me.
It's good to see you again, Captain.
What a coincidence to see you in a place like this!
Do you know him?
Who is he?
Private Ryan.
I think I have the advantage this time, Big Boss.
Boss!
Hurry up! Let's leave now!
It's our last chance.
Please don't move!
Hey, Doctor! Do something!
No, don't!
Just kill him! Let him die!
Doctor, what are you waiting for?
Do your job.
Please let him die! Please.
You took an oath!
Don't take that chance waiting to kill that bitch!
I shouldn't save him.
I should let him die.
If I save him,
it might end up killing more people in the end.
Save him.
Do what you have to do as a doctor.
If we have to kill him...
I'll do my job and kill him.
Next Episode
There's no one here.
The entire village is empty.
This mission isn't about justice. It's about politics.
We have a package from Shin Ji Yeong.
Where are you now?
This is a medicine cabinet.
We're in trouble.
If I don't come out in five minutes,
go without me.
That body was Mr. Jin.
It looks like pernicious pestilence caused by the M type virus.
Everyone! Stop!
Step back from the operating table. Now!